# The Murder mystery

The Murder Mystery is a moving adaptation of the song by the Velvet Underground. The premise of the adaptation is this: to display an image pertaining to every word spoken throughout a selection of the song’s verses, and for these images to be displayed simultaneously in accordance with the idea of two vocalists reciting separate lyrics at the same time. My hope is that given the associations we form with words and through the juxtaposition of images, that any meaning we discern from the lyricism of the song will change over time, as will the database that the images are drawn from.
Images however, can also be thought of as an inherently bloated form of communication. The images that are displayed throughout my adaptation are meant to exacerbate themes of excess present throughout the song through conveying a lack of information relative to their sensory appeal. It is my belief that the song participates in a notion of content that was instigated by Warhol and that has come to fruition through the likes of ten hour YouTube videos and other technical memes. Warhol, who Reed was mentored and inspired by, wrote a book that only contained transcriptions of mundane conversations and made movies which presented the same thing for hours at a time. What The Murder Mystery, Warhol movies, and ten hour long videos all have in common is that they do not precede from narrative and exist simply because they can. It is my thinking that through connecting the aesthetics of Warhol to my representation of the song, I can further draw parallels between our current understanding of content and the understanding envisioned by Warhol and company all the way back in the 70s. Though the song itself is very much based around excess and its reckoning, it also demonstrates the idea that such excess lies on the precipice of another time.  
